Here is my point of view: not all of these scenarios may work in your situation.
I have given you many choices,
and you can pick and choose one or more to keep the work flowing.
The point being is that you can see how flexible Kanban can be.
So it's obvious that late or buggy work you receive has large implications
for your team, as well as for your downstream partners.
There will be an increase in the risk of poor quality,
and this may affect the reputation of your team as well.
Using fakes,
stubs, and mocks should just be a normal best
practice in the way you develop systems,
whether you use Agile Scrum, Kanban, or anything else for that matter.
Here are the key points of this module.
Larger organizations can present challenges to development
teams, such as concurrent release schedules,
larger team sizes, integrating large components, systems, databases, you name it.
Another challenge is the presence of a variety of development
approaches or methods, such as Kanban, Agile Scrum,
Waterfall, or just a roll your own approach.
Determining and assigning work to multiple teams' backlogs takes a
thoughtful approach. One approach may be to divide up work types like use
cases versus services and possibly a hybrid approach that I like the best
in some cases. The flow of work into a team and out of a team is more
complex with multiple teams feeding backlogs of other teams, and so we need
to pay special attention to the order by which teams are fed work as well.
This is critical.
Regular,
organized, and consistent communication is essential. With large projects in
large organizations, I strongly recommend a focused project management level of
effort, and even in smaller organizations too. Please consider a PM role to
keep things moving forward more smoothly.
Late and buggy dependencies can wreak havoc on your
productivity and flow of work.
We talked about how we modified the Kanban board to track
late and buggy work and reintegrate the corrected or late
work back into our value stream.
We also discussed how fakes, shims, and mocks can be used as placeholders,
if you will, to enable work to keep moving forward,
albeit not perfectly.
Lastly, late dependencies can be really challenging and exhausting to your team,
but it will happen, so be prepared with your techniques to handle them. Up next,
Applying Key Learning Objectives and summarizing this course. I'll see you there.